# SergCoin
This is a very simple like banking system, users can even make their own accounts that they can access to any time they use this system

Once the program is running you will see the "main" screen, which gives you a two options, to login into your account or to make a new one. If create a new account it will lead you to another screen, thats where the proccess of making a new account begins. You will have to enter a number of personal questions that is required for you to fill out. Once that is completed you will see a large message saying that you have created your account. Now that you have your account all you need to remeber is the username and password that you have created to access it. From there you will see certian information being disolayed to you and new options for you. These option include "Withdrawl", "Deposit" and "Check Balance". The functions of these buttons seem pretty self explanatory, you can check how much "money" you have, take out or add to your money.

When making this project I have used an image as an Icon, if you were to copy and paste the code I would reccomened removing the "ImageIcon package" if your not going to use it and also deleting "img = new ImageIcon("C:/Users/sergi/OneDrive/Pictures/Smile.jpeg");" multiple times throughout the code. But if you were going to use it then just replace your image loaction with my location between the quotation marks. Also I made a seperate folder within my documents to store the users accounts, "/Users/sergi/OneDrive/Documents/Accounts/", this is going to be different from yours so I recommend you change this part within the code, this is going to show up in several places. 
